h1. Lifestream

Lifestream is a series of scripts to grab data from places and dump it into a
database.

Lifestream currently runs http://NicholasAvenell.com

Lifestream is an AJAX-based box that updates this on a web page in real time.

Lifestream is a wordpress plugin to make that work, too.

Dayze is a website using all this data.

h2. How to make it go:

* Initialise the submodules (git submodule init)
* Install the Google Python API

* Use the schema to create a database
* copy config.ini.example to lose the example bit
* edit it to contain real live database and API details
* Each import script accepts a username as a parameter
   pipe the output of the script to the database
* eg:  twitter.py [Lifestream "Type"] [Twitter Username]
* You should run each twitter script in the terminal once to generate the OAuth tokens
* Same for Foursquare and the Google Latitude APIs, if you're using them.

h2. Running Imports

There are two ways to run the import scripts:

h3. Option 1: Scheduler (Recommended)

The scheduler uses APScheduler with Redis persistence, which:
* Catches up missed runs when the server was offline
* Coalesces multiple missed runs into one execution
* Provides better logging and job management

To set up:

<pre>
# Install dependencies
poetry install

# Configure schedules in config.ini [schedules] section
# (see config.example.ini for format)

# List configured jobs
poetry run python scheduler.py --list

# Run a single job immediately
poetry run python scheduler.py --run github_commits

# Check next run times
poetry run python scheduler.py --status

# Run as daemon
poetry run python scheduler.py
</pre>

For production, install the systemd service:

<pre>
sudo cp docs/lifestream-scheduler.service /etc/systemd/system/
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable --now lifestream-scheduler
</pre>

h3. Option 2: Crontab (Legacy)

See @docs/crontab.example@ for sample cron entries using @bin/run_import.sh@.

* Install the web dir somewhere accessible
* Edit the wordpress plugin to be able to find it.
* Complain when it doesn't work.
